[Music]
[Applause]
where are you today I know it's not too
late to make it so just fake it for me
and anyone who says that I should just
give it a rest can shove it because I'm
above it or at least I like to believe
but it's all in my
yes
[Music]
you
where was our today well I was worrying
away inhibition on a mission
so I could take me up there side of that
rollercoaster ride like I don't need you
but I know what needs you so instead I
just went back to bed you know hopes
it's all in my
yeah it's all in my head
[Music]
and if I can see feeling like I'm
you can sing is
and if I get to feeling like
Misun
[Music]
yeah if I get to see
but I can't do it
would you sing me a song
[Music]
oh and if you get the shilling but
I will sing you a song
[Music]
where are we today turns out
everything's on
which is the first owner but nothing to
say so I've talked myself down and I
will mistake the crowd for fun
where are we today turns out
everything's okay it's just the first
time ever nothing to say so I've talked
myself down and I won't mistake the
ground for a phone
I love you yeah